Chapter consistency edits (#275)
HTTPArchive/almanac.httparchive.org: src/content/en/2019/third-parties.md

The top-heavy concentration of script execution is great for the potential impact of performance improvements, but less exciting for the privacy ramifications. 29% of _all_ script execution time across the web is just from scripts on domains owned by Google or Facebook. That’s a very large percentage of CPU time that is controlled by just two entities. It’s critical to ensure that the same privacy protections held to analytics providers be applied in these other ad, social, and developer utility categories as well.

## Conclusion

This chapter has shown that use of third-party content is rampant. This is entirely unsurprising - the entire basis of the web is to allow interconnectiveness and linking.

> [Reuse in computer technologies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_reuse) is generally a good thing, though it does introduce depencies which can impact performance (in positive and negative ways!) and has privacy implications, both of which we have touched on here. We have also not discussed the security implications of adding such dependencies to your site, though the security chapter has a [section on vulnerable JS libraries](./security#vulnerable-js-libraries) which is relevant and may be of interest to readers. Even if code has no security concerns it can introduce a single point of failure [which has been recognised as a potenital problem for some time now](https://www.stevesouders.com/blog/2010/06/01/frontend-spof/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Reuse in computer technologies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_reuse) is generally a good thing, though it does introduce dependencies which can impact performance (in positive and negative ways!) and has privacy implications, both of which we have touched on here. We have also not discussed the security implications of adding such dependencies to your site, though the security chapter has a [section on vulnerable JS libraries](./security#vulnerable-js-libraries) which is relevant and may be of interest to readers. Even if code has no security concerns it can introduce a single point of failure [which has been recognized as a potential problem for some time now](https://www.stevesouders.com/blog/2010/06/01/frontend-spof/).
```

Reviewer: two typos, but otherwise looks great thank you for doing this! I may make a few tweaks when I go back for the domain/CDN explanation
